packer init doc clarification (#10558)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/commands/init.mdx

# `init` Command

-> **Note:** Packer does not currently have the notion of a state like Terraform

> has. In other word, currently `packer init` is only in charge of installing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has. In other words, currently `packer init` is only in charge of installing
```
My Grammarly tool corrects this one to `words`

your personal [access token page](https://github.com/settings/tokens) to
generate a new token.

-> **Note:** Packer init does not work with legacy JSON templates. You can

> upgrade your JSON configfiles to HCL using the hcl2ugprade command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
upgrade your JSON config files to HCL using the hcl2ugprade command.
```
